# Hytale-Reputation
An EOS Smart Contract for issuing and tracking reputation for Hytale

---

# Core Concept
Hytale Reputation is a cryptocurrency economy based on the EOS chain. The general idea is that each user will utilize their EOS account to interact on Hytale servers. Our smart contract will grant each registered user 5 HREP (Hytale Reputation) every 24 hours. The maximum supply of these tokens will be somewhere between 20,000,000 and 1,000,000,000. Users can issue their HREP to other users but not themselves. Users who enjoy their time with other users, create good experiences, and generally feel that the other player is a good person they can reward them with HREP. HREP will be used in servers to purchase additional items, effects, etc. which will generate a detached economy outside of the Hytale game itself. Server owners will take a small cut of each trade that happens inside of their server. They can utilize HREP to show that their server is not trying to scam, or mistreat their users. Users can use the power of HREP and move to another server if they feel their needs are not being met. Server owners can stake these HREP tokens to gain reputation points for their server. The higher the reputation points these servers have, the more trades have occurred on their servers successfully. Interlinking trust with the server owners and the users themselves. The users essentially vote with their wallets and protest corrupt servers accordingly. HREP tokens can be listed on various decentralized exchanges allowing the ability to convert the tokens into USD through token conversion. Server owners can profit from this system by providing good, fair, and trustworthy services to their user base. Even users can benefit by providing great experiences to other users.
